Would you rather live in a country with a low cost of living but horrible weather or live in a country with a high cost of living and amazing weather?
Would you rather have a face that everyone laughs at or a name that everyone laughs at?
Would you rather be smart but a total jerk or really sweet but really dumb?
Would you rather go through your whole life being the most hilarious person or being the most intelligent person?
Would you rather be trapped in the Matrix or the LotR universe?
Would you rather the highest temperature ever be 100 degrees Fahrenheit or the lowest temperature ever be 100 degrees Fahrenheit?
Would you rather give up social media or eat the same dinner for the rest of your life?
Would you rather meet a famous person who is boring or a regular person who is hilarious?
Would you rather attend a concert of your favourite band or attend a Broadway show?
Would you rather meet your favourite author or meet your favourite artist?
Would you rather date your best friend or someone you don't know?
Would you rather be trapped in a romantic comedy with your enemies or trapped in a horror movie with your friends?
Would you rather have a partner who is beautiful and has a horrible personality or a partner who is plain, has the most compatible personality?
Would you rather have a child who’s the smartest kid in the world or a child who’s the most popular kid in the world?
Would you rather go through life unable to forget anything ever or go through life unable to remember anything?
Would you rather date someone who's always punctual or date someone who remembers everything?  
Would you rather be infamous in history books or be forgotten after your death?
Would you rather have a life-changing adventure or be able to stop time?
Would you rather travel a lot or meet a lot of people?
Would you rather watch a marathon of your favourite T.V show or read a book all day?
Would you rather have to wear a tuxedo shirt every day for a month or have to wear a tutu every day for a month?
Would you rather always hit a red light for the rest of your life or always get slow internet after the sun goes down?
Would you rather only be able to wear sweatpants for the rest of your life or only be able to wear suits for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to spend the next 20 years as a student, or spend the next 20 years as an employee?
Would you rather be held in high regard by your parents or your friends?
Would you rather never be rejected ever again, or never fail ever again?
Would you rather have to eat everything you’ve ever disliked for the rest of your life or have a job you’ve never wanted for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be homeless but never have to work or work at a job you hate for the rest of your life?
Would you rather spend your day doing hard manual labour or sit in front of a computer screen all day?
Would you rather lose the ability to cry or cry every day for 20 minutes randomly?
Would you rather get a new puppy or have your home clean for the rest of your life?
Would you rather lose the ability to cry or cry every day for 20 minutes randomly?
Would you rather be the President of the United States for a day or a billionaire for a day?
Would you rather live forever or wake up every day with a new superpower?
Would you rather never be able to use the phone again or never be able to use a computer again?
Would you rather never be able to laugh again or never be able to smile again?
Would you rather be the ugliest person in the world or smell the worst?
Would you rather constantly worry about germs or be terrified of a monster under your bed?
Would you rather be one of the best in the world at one thing or be good at everything?
Would you rather be physically stronger than most people or be able to fly?
Would you rather have a time machine or a teleporter?
Would you rather have a slow car or a fast bike?
Would you rather be in a rock band or in a jazz band?
Would you rather be the centre of attention or go unnoticed?
Would you rather be incredibly cool or incredibly rich?
Would you rather never get tired or never have to go to the bathroom?
Would you rather never have to speak or never have to hear anything again?
Would you rather have a huge imagination or a photographic memory?
Would you rather have a million dollars or a million laughs?
Would you rather eat foods that have never been cooked or only eat cooked foods?
Would you rather eat a spoonful of cinnamon or a spoonful of salt?
Would you rather have to use chopsticks every day for the rest of your life or use a fork?
Would you rather lose your sense of taste or your sense of smell?
. Would you rather have a never-ending bowl of ice cream or a never-ending salad?
Would you rather eat nothing but celery or oatmeal for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be eternally allergic to peanuts or eternally allergic to eggs?
Would you rather never be able to eat bananas or never be able to eat oranges?
Would you rather only be to use a fork (no spoon) or only be able to use a spoon (no fork)?
Would you rather have to eat only broccoli for the rest of your life or be forced to watch an episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians every day?
Would you rather have to shave your head or have your nose pierced?
Would you rather have to praise the same person to start your day or be forced to slap yourself every day?
Would you rather have a fart noise as a ringtone or have a clown laugh as a ringtone?
Would you rather give a pig a walk or give a turtle a walk?
Would you rather have bad hearing or bad eyesight?
Would you rather have to always tell the truth to your enemies or lie to your lie?
Would you rather never be able to say thanks again or never be able to ask for help again?
Would you rather be late for your own wedding or your best friend’s funeral?
Would you rather have your mouth taped shut for a year or one hand tied behind your back for a year?
Would you rather go without shampoo for the rest of your life or toothpaste for the rest of your life?
Would you rather never have a life without air conditioning or never be able to use deodorant?
Would you rather be unable to eat chocolate for the rest of your life or be unable to eat cheese for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be forced to wear the same thing every day or have to do the same thing every day?
Would you rather go a week without brushing your teeth or a week without showering?
Would you rather be kissed by a dog or by your grandparents?
Would you rather eat a bowl of Durian or a bowl of stinky tofu?
Would you rather have your clothes smell of garlic or smell of mint?
Would you rather walk through mud or walk through a pool?
Would you rather never be able to take a hot shower or never be able to eat fried food again?
Would you rather be forced to listen to the same 10 songs on repeat for the rest of your life or forced to watch the same 5 movies on repeat for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have to write everything you say out by hand or only be able to speak in rhymes?
Would you rather go without shampoo for the rest of your life or toothpaste for the rest of your life?
Would you rather live in reality for the rest of your life or be in the matrix for the rest of your life?
Would you rather be extremely allergic to your favourite food or forced to eat your least favourite food once a week?
Would you rather be able to time travel within a certain range or be able to freeze time?
Would you rather have access to all the music ever written, but no way to play it, or be able to play any piece of music ever written on any instrument, but never be able to listen to any music again?
Would you rather get locked in a room with a lion, a tiger, a bear, and a monkey, or get locked in a room with 100 creepy little spiders?
Would you rather be able to fly with a damaged plane or travel with a slow boat?
Would you rather die in a horrible accident or live to 100 and never move or be able to talk again?
Would you rather never be able to play a musical instrument again or never be able to sing again?
Would you rather be completely physically disabled or be diagnosed with a terminal illness?
Would you rather be one of the world’s leading experts in a single field or be the most well-rounded and versatile person in the world?
Would you rather be stronger than average or smarter than average?
Would you rather be the richest person in the world or the smartest person in the world?
Would you rather eat a piece of food that was really healthy for you but tasted horrible or eat something that tasted great but was bad for you?
Would you rather get to witness something once in your lifetime that few others will ever see or get to witness something once in your lifetime that many others have seen?
Would you rather have a job that pays $70 an hour but lets you work from home or a job that pays $100 an hour but requires you to be physically present?
Would you rather have a peaceful existence where you never had to worry about the troubles of life, or live a more “normal” life full of risk and challenge?
Would you rather have to live out the rest of your life in the wilderness or live out the rest of your life in jail?
Would you rather live in a country where the government is almost always doing the right thing or live in a country where they have to listen to you?
Would you rather live in a country where you could speak the language fluently or would you rather be able to teleport?
Would you rather live in a world where everyone ignores you or in a world where everyone is mean to you?
Would you rather live in a world where there is no crime or no privacy?
Would you rather live in a world with no disease or live in a world where there is income equality?
Would you rather live another 100 years with your body in a state of perfect health or just age normally?
Would you rather live to 100 years old or live to 500 years old?
Would you rather never take the easy way out of anything ever again or stop procrastinating?
Would you rather only be able to find jobs that start at 1am or jobs that start at 5am?
Would you rather not care about what people thought about you or care about what people thought about you?
Would you rather only be able to live in a small city your entire life or only be able to live in a big city your entire life?
Would you rather read the first draft of the most popular book of all time or an obscure book that has just a handful of fans?
Would you rather spend a year completely alone or have a serious illness?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life with a perfect memory or be able to have perfect focus?
Would you rather spend your entire life travelling the world or living in one place your whole life?
Would you rather be allergic to chocolate or be allergic to cheese?
Would you rather give up all technology (cell phones, computers, etc.) or give up all movies, television, and books?
Would you rather be famous for all the wrong reasons or not famous at all?
Would you rather go to the hospital for a headache or to the dentist for a toothache?
Would you rather be attacked by a bear or attacked by a shark?
Would you rather be able to see a month into the future or have a perfect memory of a month into the past?
Would you rather be able to fly or be able to turn invisible?
Would you rather have no thumbs or no fingers?
Would you rather live in a future where people take everything too seriously or a future where people don’t take anything seriously?
Would you rather be smarter than everyone in your area or the richest person in your area?
Would you rather only be able to eat foods you can make with only one cooking tool or only be able to eat foods you can make in one minute?
Would you rather get rid of one bad habit or get one new good habit?
Would you rather never have to worry about money or never be tempted to buy things you don’t need?
Would you rather only be able to go out at night or only be able to go out during the day?
Would you rather give up alcohol for the rest of your life or give up all dairy products for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have an exciting but dangerous life or a boring but meaningful life?
Would you rather only be able to read books for the rest of your life or only be able to watch movies for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have a guaranteed good job for the rest of your life or win the lottery and have a 50/50 chance of losing it all?
Would you rather lose all of your memories from your childhood or lose all of your memories from the last few years?
Would you rather have to choose to live on your own island or be forced to live with your entire family on an island?
Would you rather get a credit card with a $10,000 limit or $1,000 cash?
Would you rather live in the country or live in the city?
Would you rather have a good memory or be able to learn a new language easily?
Would you rather live in the Middle Ages or the future?
Would you rather be stranded on a desert island or trapped in a room?
Would you rather have to always wear heavy boots or have to never be able to wear shoes?
Would you rather be reincarnated as a sea creature or an airborne creature?
Would you rather have to speak in rhyme for the rest of your life or have to speak in riddles for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have your tongue pierced or have a shoulder tattoo?
Would you rather only be able to communicate with animals or only be able to communicate with people from another country?
Would you rather have to make a one-minute speech in front of 10,000 people or have to kiss a frog?
Would you rather have your entire lifetime of experiences converted into a movie that you can watch whenever you want to remember them, or your life turned into a book that can be read and interpreted by anyone?
Would you rather never be able to read books again or never be able to listen to music again?
Would you rather be afraid of the dark or sunlight?
Would you rather be liked by everyone you’ve ever met or have everything you’ve ever wanted?